OPENCLAW_PITCH.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://www.inflectiv.ai/inflectiv-logo.png" alt="Inflectiv" width="200" />
</div>

---

# Partnership Proposal: Inflectiv × OpenClaw Foundation

**To:** OpenClaw Foundation Core Team  
**From:** Inflectiv (inflectiv.ai)  
**Subject:** Official Data Intelligence Layer Integration  
**Date:** February 2026

---

## Executive Summary

We propose that **Inflectiv Agent Node** become the official **structured data intelligence layer** for the OpenClaw ecosystem — submitted as an open-source AgentSkill to the OpenClaw registry and maintained by the Inflectiv community.

In one sentence: *OpenClaw agents take actions. Inflectiv gives them verified intelligence to act on.*

---

## The Problem We Solve Together

OpenClaw has built a world-class action layer. Agents can browse, code, call APIs, and automate complex workflows. But every time an OpenClaw agent needs **factual structured data**, it either:

1. **Browses the web from scratch** — wasteful, inconsistent, token-heavy
2. **Hallucinates** — dangerous for downstream decisions
3. **Uses one-off scraping** — non-reusable, ephemeral, not monetizable

This creates a **structured data gap** in the OpenClaw ecosystem that Inflectiv is uniquely positioned to fill.

---

## Why Inflectiv + OpenClaw Is a Natural Fit

| Factor | Detail |
|---|---|
| **SKILL.md compatibility** | Inflectiv Agent Node uses the same SKILL.md standard OpenClaw already supports — zero friction integration |
| **Model-agnostic** | Works with any LLM, matching OpenClaw's philosophy |
| **MIT licensed** | Fully open-source, community-owned |
| **Agent-native economics** | $INAI micro-payments enable agent-to-agent data markets — a new primitive for the OpenClaw economy |
| **Decentralized storage** | Walrus backend aligns with OpenClaw's Web3-compatible architecture |
| **10,000+ active users** | Inflectiv brings distribution; OpenClaw brings reach. Both ecosystems grow. |

---

## Technical Integration: How It Works

### Option A: AgentSkill Registry (Recommended — Lowest Friction)

Publish `inflectiv-data-node` to the OpenClaw AgentSkill registry. Any OpenClaw user can install it in one command:

```bash
openclaw skill install inflectiv-data-node
```

Once installed, any OpenClaw agent automatically:
- Queries Inflectiv before browsing the web (**Query-Before-Browse**)
- Publishes new structured findings back to the marketplace (**Publish-Back**)
- Participates in the $INAI data economy

### Option B: Official Node Deployment

Run a dedicated **Inflectiv Agent Node** instance as a subordinate in your OpenClaw swarm, reachable via A2A protocol:

```
OpenClaw Orchestrator Agent
        │
        ├── Action Agent (browsing, coding)
        ├── Inflectiv Node (data intelligence)  ← THIS
        └── Memory Agent (persistence)
```

The node is purpose-built: fast, focused, structured-data-first.

### Option C: Built-in Pattern (Deeper Integration)

Work with the OpenClaw Foundation to make **Query-Before-Browse** a first-class pattern in OpenClaw's default agent behavior, with Inflectiv as the reference implementation.

---

## The Data Flywheel Effect

Every OpenClaw agent that uses Inflectiv becomes a contributor:

```
 Agent queries Inflectiv
         ↓
 No result found → Agent browses web
         ↓
 Agent publishes structured findings to Inflectiv
         ↓
 Next agent finds it → skips web browsing
         ↓
 Data creator earns $INAI
         ↓
 More agents use Inflectiv → more data → more agents
```

140,000 OpenClaw developers × even 5% adoption = **7,000 active data contributors** seeding the Inflectiv marketplace overnight.

---

## What We're Asking For

1. **List `inflectiv-data-node` in the official OpenClaw AgentSkill registry**
2. **Co-announce the integration** via OpenClaw Foundation and Inflectiv channels
3. **Optional:** A technical working group session to explore Option C (native integration)

We handle all development, maintenance, and support. Zero resource burden on the Foundation.

---

## What Inflectiv Brings to the OpenClaw Community

- ✅ Production-ready AgentSkill (MIT licensed, open-source)
- ✅ 6,700+ structured datasets available from day one
- ✅ Free tier — no $INAI required to get started
- ✅ $INAI earnings for any OpenClaw agent that publishes data
- ✅ Active team supporting integration questions
- ✅ Co-marketing to Inflectiv's 10,000+ user base

---

## About Inflectiv

Inflectiv (inflectiv.ai) is the **Intelligence Economy platform** — transforming raw data into structured, tokenized datasets for AI agents. Built on Sui with Walrus decentralized storage. $INAI is the economic primitive of the Intelligence Economy.

- 🌐 Platform: https://inflectiv.ai
- 📚 Docs: https://inflectiv.gitbook.io/inflectiv
- 🐦 Twitter: https://x.com/inflectivAI
- 💬 Discord: https://discord.com/invite/inflectiv

---

## Next Steps

We'd love a 30-minute call to walk through the technical integration and answer any questions.

> *The Intelligence Economy starts with giving AI agents the structured knowledge they need to act with confidence. Let's build that together.*

**— The Inflectiv Team**  
https://inflectiv.ai

---

<div align="center">
<em>Capture Experience. Liberate Knowledge. Fuel Every AI.</em>
</div>


---

## AMPS — Agent Memory Portability Standard

Inflectiv has authored and open-sourced the **Agent Memory Portability Standard (AMPS) v1.0** — a framework-agnostic JSON schema for portable agent memory interchange, submitted to the OpenClaw Foundation as a community standard.

**Why it matters for OpenClaw:**
- Agents built on any framework (Agent Zero, AutoGPT, CrewAI, LangGraph, LlamaIndex) can export their memory as AMPS and import into any other — zero data loss between AMPS-native implementations
- Inflectiv Vault is the reference implementation: vault identity, long-term memory, and $INAI contribution history all travel with the agent
- AMPS is MIT licensed and community-governed — Inflectiv contributed v1, OpenClaw Foundation stewards it
- The standard creates infrastructure lock-in through openness: whoever owns the memory portability standard owns agent identity

**AMPS Schema fields:**
- `memory.long_term` — persistent knowledge (markdown)
- `memory.identity` — agent soul/persona (markdown)
- `memory.active_plan` — current task plan
- `contributions` — portable $INAI reputation CV
- `migration_notes` — transparent loss accounting
- `secrets` — always empty by spec (never exported)

**Working adapters (all MIT licensed, PR-ready):**
Agent Zero (native) · AutoGPT · CrewAI · LangGraph · LlamaIndex

Commit message:

feat: Add CLAUDE.md for project overview and architecture details
feat: Implement OpenClaw AMPS adapter for lossless export/import

docs: Add example AMPS export file for Agent Zero

feat: Create legal-regulatory profile for tracking compliance and regulatory actions

feat: Create vc-funding profile for monitoring venture capital funding activities

OPENCLAW_PITCH.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://www.inflectiv.ai/inflectiv-logo.png" alt="Inflectiv" width="200" />
</div>

---

# Partnership Proposal: Inflectiv × OpenClaw Foundation

**To:** OpenClaw Foundation Core Team  
**From:** Inflectiv (inflectiv.ai)  
**Subject:** Official Data Intelligence Layer Integration  
**Date:** February 2026

---

## Executive Summary

We propose that **Inflectiv Agent Node** become the official **structured data intelligence layer** for the OpenClaw ecosystem — submitted as an open-source AgentSkill to the OpenClaw registry and maintained by the Inflectiv community.

In one sentence: *OpenClaw agents take actions. Inflectiv gives them verified intelligence to act on.*

---

## The Problem We Solve Together

OpenClaw has built a world-class action layer. Agents can browse, code, call APIs, and automate complex workflows. But every time an OpenClaw agent needs **factual structured data**, it either:

1. **Browses the web from scratch** — wasteful, inconsistent, token-heavy
2. **Hallucinates** — dangerous for downstream decisions
3. **Uses one-off scraping** — non-reusable, ephemeral, not monetizable

This creates a **structured data gap** in the OpenClaw ecosystem that Inflectiv is uniquely positioned to fill.

---

## Why Inflectiv + OpenClaw Is a Natural Fit

| Factor | Detail |
|---|---|
| **SKILL.md compatibility** | Inflectiv Agent Node uses the same SKILL.md standard OpenClaw already supports — zero friction integration |
| **Model-agnostic** | Works with any LLM, matching OpenClaw's philosophy |
| **MIT licensed** | Fully open-source, community-owned |
| **Agent-native economics** | $INAI micro-payments enable agent-to-agent data markets — a new primitive for the OpenClaw economy |
| **Decentralized storage** | Walrus backend aligns with OpenClaw's Web3-compatible architecture |
| **10,000+ active users** | Inflectiv brings distribution; OpenClaw brings reach. Both ecosystems grow. |

---

## Technical Integration: How It Works

### Option A: AgentSkill Registry (Recommended — Lowest Friction)

Publish `inflectiv-data-node` to the OpenClaw AgentSkill registry. Any OpenClaw user can install it in one command:

```bash
openclaw skill install inflectiv-data-node
```

Once installed, any OpenClaw agent automatically:
- Queries Inflectiv before browsing the web (**Query-Before-Browse**)
- Publishes new structured findings back to the marketplace (**Publish-Back**)
- Participates in the data economy

### Option B: Official Node Deployment

Run a dedicated **Inflectiv Agent Node** instance as a subordinate in your OpenClaw swarm, reachable via A2A protocol:

```
OpenClaw Orchestrator Agent
        │
        ├── Action Agent (browsing, coding)
        ├── Inflectiv Node (data intelligence)  ← THIS
        └── Memory Agent (persistence)
```

The node is purpose-built: fast, focused, structured-data-first.

### Option C: Built-in Pattern (Deeper Integration)

Work with the OpenClaw Foundation to make **Query-Before-Browse** a first-class pattern in OpenClaw's default agent behavior, with Inflectiv as the reference implementation.

---

## The Data Flywheel Effect

Every OpenClaw agent that uses Inflectiv becomes a contributor:

```
 Agent queries Inflectiv
         ↓
 No result found → Agent browses web
         ↓
 Agent publishes structured findings to Inflectiv
         ↓
 Next agent finds it → skips web browsing
         ↓
 Data creator earns $INAI tokens
         ↓
 More agents use Inflectiv → more data → more agents
```

140,000 OpenClaw developers × even 5% adoption = **7,000 active data contributors** seeding the Inflectiv marketplace overnight.

---

### The Vertical Intelligence Node Network (VINN)

VINN is Inflectiv's decentralized intelligence oracle network — pre-specialised agent
nodes (DeFi, AI, Legal, Crypto News) that autonomously own and refresh specific data
niches. Community operators run VINN nodes, earn $INAI when their structured datasets
are queried, and create a self-improving marketplace powered by niche expertise.

VINN nodes expose a FastA2A v0.2 compatible API on port 8765, making them
directly queryable by any OpenClaw agent via standard A2A messaging.

## What We're Asking For

1. **List `inflectiv-data-node` in the official OpenClaw AgentSkill registry**
2. **Co-announce the integration** via OpenClaw Foundation and Inflectiv channels
3. **Optional:** A technical working group session to explore Option C (native integration)

We handle all development, maintenance, and support. Zero resource burden on the Foundation.

---

## What Inflectiv Brings to the OpenClaw Community

- ✅ Production-ready AgentSkill (MIT licensed, open-source)
- ✅ 6,700+ structured datasets available from day one
- ✅ Free tier — no tokens required to get started
- ✅ Earnings in $INAI for any OpenClaw agent that publishes data
- ✅ Active team supporting integration questions
- ✅ Co-marketing to Inflectiv's 10,000+ user base

---

## About Inflectiv

Inflectiv (inflectiv.ai) is the **Intelligence Economy platform** — transforming raw data into structured, tokenized datasets for AI agents. Built on Sui with Walrus decentralized storage.

- 🌐 Platform: https://inflectiv.ai
- 📚 Docs: https://inflectiv.gitbook.io/inflectiv
- 🐦 Twitter: https://x.com/inflectivAI
- 💬 Discord: https://discord.com/invite/inflectiv

---

## Next Steps

We'd love a 30-minute call to walk through the technical integration and answer any questions.

> *The Intelligence Economy starts with giving AI agents the structured knowledge they need to act with confidence. Let's build that together.*

**— The Inflectiv Team**  
https://inflectiv.ai

---

<div align="center">
<em>Capture Experience. Liberate Knowledge. Fuel Every AI.</em>
</div>


---

## AMPS — Agent Memory Portability Standard

Inflectiv has authored and open-sourced the **Agent Memory Portability Standard (AMPS) v1.0** — a framework-agnostic JSON schema for portable agent memory interchange, submitted to the OpenClaw Foundation as a community standard.

**Why it matters for OpenClaw:**
- Agents built on any framework (Agent Zero, AutoGPT, CrewAI, LangGraph, LlamaIndex) can export their memory as AMPS and import into any other — zero data loss between AMPS-native implementations
- OpenClaw / Inflectiv Vault is the AMPS reference implementation: vault identity, long-term memory, and contribution history all travel with the agent — lossless round-trip guaranteed
- AMPS is MIT licensed and community-governed — Inflectiv contributed v1, OpenClaw Foundation stewards it
- The standard creates infrastructure lock-in through openness: whoever owns the memory portability standard owns agent identity

**AMPS Schema fields:**
- `memory.long_term` — persistent knowledge (markdown)
- `memory.identity` — agent soul/persona (markdown)
- `memory.active_plan` — current task plan
- `contributions` — portable reputation CV
- `migration_notes` — transparent loss accounting
- `secrets` — always empty by spec (never exported)

**Working adapters (all MIT licensed, PR-ready):**
**OpenClaw (native — reference implementation)** · Agent Zero · AutoGPT · CrewAI · LangGraph · LlamaIndex

OpenClaw agents are the AMPS reference implementation — vault-backed, lossless memory portability with zero migration notes. Any OpenClaw agent can export its full intelligence to `.amps.json` and import into any other framework, or receive memory from any AMPS-compatible source.
